Today we're talking about five scripting
softwares that will help you in renting
viral scripts for your organic content
in less time with less effort and
guaranteed to get you more views. If you
want to consistently go viral on social
media and not just throw [__] at the
wall, then you need to script your
videos. But without the right scripting
toolkit, scripting is extremely
timeconuming and wasteful if you do not
have the right strategy put in place.
But whenever you have the right
scripting toolkit and strategy put in
place, not only will you get consistent
viral results, but you will get them in
half the time. I know this for a fact
because, well, I might not be good at
much, but I'm from damn sure a
world-class script writer when it comes
to creating organic content that goes
viral. I consistently get millions of
views for my own personal brand and for
hundreds of students inside my private
educational content platform called
Nexus. I've spent my entire life
dedicated towards scripting predictable
and profitable content. And in 7,000
scripts later, I've distilled my
scripting toolkit into five softwares.
And if you use these five softwares, I
guarantee that you'll be able to write
better scripts in half the time, but to
also bring double, if not 10x the
result. So to kick off this list of five
softwares, we're going to start with
software number one, which is actually a
two in one package. So the two inside of
salt number one is dovetail combined
with any view sorter of your choice. So
dovetail is just a transcription tool
that will give you the exact script to
any viral video of your choice. And then
the view sortter is just a tool that
will sort any creator's account on
Instagram or Tik Tok from most utilities
viewed showing you their best performing
content. And no, I'm not going to go
tell you to [__] go sort the
competitor's account for most you and
then copy their video. That is amateur.
You want these two tools in your
scripting belt to help you find patterns
in scripts that are performing well on a
particular topic. So before I even think
about writing a single word for any one
of my scripts, I'll always sit down,
search about the topic of my video, and
then look at the best performing videos
that are somewhat relevant to that said
topic. And then I'll study their scripts
to extract patterns. So to give you an
example, two years ago, I scripted this
video for one of my private clients,
Brian Mark. And this video got the
collective over 4 million views on Brian
Mark's account. So for context, this
video is about says you're too
expensive. First, don't try to justify
the price. Shut the up and then ask
them, "Expensive compared to what?"
They'll probably say something like,
"No." Whenever I scripted this video, do
you think that I just made up the
[__] structure and told Brian to
record it? Of course not. I remember
doing the research for this video, and
back then there were two videos that
were consistently popping off uh
whenever it comes to sales content.
These two people were BBC aka Brandon
Carter and Alex Emozi. So with that
knowledge in mind, I went over to
Instagram. I searched up both of their
accounts and I sorted their content from
most viewed to least viewed and watched
every single video that was relevant to
sales. And you can see that I still have
to research from 2 years later from the
six videos that I studied and that I
found from these two creators. So what I
did is I downloaded all of their sales
videos that went viral at the time and
studied the script and took two key
patterns that allowed me to create that
viral video for Brian. In fact, Brian's
video got even more views than all the
videos that I noticed these patterns
from. I was able to do this because I
could dissect the viral video scripts,
find all the patterns across the two
different creators, and then combine
them into one video. All by using a view
sourcer to find the best performing
videos on the topic and dovetailed to
get the script breakdown of each video.
Now, to do this for yourself, you need
these two softwares. So, first is going
to be the view shorter. Now, the best
view sorder for Instagram and Tik Tok
right now is a view sorder called Sort
Reels, and it is currently on the Google
extension store. So, go ahead and head
over to the Google extension store. Go
ahead and download the extension, and
then once you have the extension
downloaded, you can head back to
Instagram and begin sorting your
competitor's accounts from most viewed
to least viewed. And then once you have
an account sorted from most viewed to
least viewed, then what you want to do
is you want to look for topics around
your video that you're trying to cover.
And then once you finally find videos
that you want to inspire from and study,
then you can go ahead and just download
the video and take it to Dubttow. Now to
download the video, all you have to do
is copy the link to the video and then
take it to a website called cobalt.tools
and then just download it from there.
Once you have the downloaded video, then
from here, all you have to do is take it
to dovetail and upload it. And then
Dovetail will transcribe your entire
video for free. And then now you have
the script to the viral video to begin
studying and inspiring from. So, at this
point, now that I have patterns from
viral videos, it is now time to begin
scripting these set of viral videos.
However, while I'm scripting, I always
want to use the best language that I
can. And there's a reason on why the
saying goes, it's not always what you
say, it's how you say it. The reason why
that's a saying is because it's [__]
obvious that what you say matters. And
there's two tools that I use to help
with making sure that I use the best
possible language in my script. The
first tool being Google Trends and the
second tool being Chat GBT. And whenever
I say chat GBT, I do not mean it in the
way that you think I do. But before we
can even get to chat GT, I always start
with software number two, which is going
to be Google Trends. Now, whenever it
comes to using particular words and
especially phrases in my script,
especially in my hook, I always make
sure that I use the broadest words and
phrases I can possible because the
broader your language, the more people
it's going to resonate with. And the
more people it's going to resonate with,
the more views that your video gets. So
to go and give you an example, if we go
back to whenever I was scripting for
Brian Mark, I remember him sending me
the base versions of his script and
almost all the times he always used the
term fitness coach cuz you know he's a
he his niche is is that he coaches
fitness coaches. He's a business coach
for fitness coaches. So he teaches
fitness coaches how to make more money.
And the first time that I read that [__]
out loud, I questioned uh myself, what
is the more widespread term? Is it going
to be fitness coach or is it going to be
personal trainer? Now at the time I
couldn't [__] tell you. But instead
of just guessing like an amateur, I took
both of those terms over to Google
Trends. Now, what Google Trends will do
is it will basically peel back the
curtain on what the search volume is for
a particular phrase. And you can take
advantage of that by comparing two
different phrases to see which one is
being searched more, aka which one is
broader, aka which one will get you more
views. So, if we head over to Google
Trends and then we type in personal
trainer and then we put it up against
fitness coach and then compare, we'll
see that personal trainer gets a
significant amount of more searches.
Therefore, personal trainer it is. And
every single time that I wrote to
scripts for Brian Mark, I always from
there on out use the term personal
trainer. So, whenever you're scripting
and there's two different ways that you
can say something, but you just don't
know which one is more popular, then you
use Google Trends to tell you. That's
why you always use broader language and
get more views. However, now that I'm
sure that I'm using the broadest
language in my script, I want to now use
the sexiest language that I possibly can
within my script. And that is where
software number three, chat GBT, comes
into play. Now, at the time of this
recording, there is no AI model out
there that's just going to spit out a
perfect [__] script. Uh, whenever it
does, then expect a video from me
updating you on that new tool. But right
now, the quality of use case uh of AI
while scripting is solely dependent on
the person that is using it and the
person's skill level. So, for example,
if you suck at scripting and you have no
knowledge on scripting, then you're not
going to even know what a good output
from AI actually is going to be. But
that's okay because even if you're not a
master script writer, there are still
some tricks that you can use that won't
replace scripting all together for you.
But they will optimize your scripts. And
I have a library of like a hundred of
these inside Nexus. But one of my
favorite use cases I'll use for chat GBT
while scripting is for word swaps. So,
more specifically, swapping power words
for what I call unique power words. I
should have a short form video coming
out on this sometime soon, but it's
basically a unique power word is a power
word that is used within a unique
context. Now, if you don't know what a
power word is, uh power word is
basically just a word that strikes a
psychological response in a viewer. So,
words like secret, words like ultimate,
hack, tricks, those kinds of words. But
the problem with these is is that these
words are too common and they're kind of
expected and boring. it just kind of
makes your video seem like it's uh one
of those advertisements on a website.
The viewer is already trained to ignore
them because they've heard it so many
times. But unique power words on the
other hand is what's going to be the
game changer in your video either
getting 100 or 100,000 views. So to give
you a couple of examples, um here's two
different hooks. So, the first hook is
going to be, I'm going to teach you the
proven ultimate secret on how to create
viral videos with this one scripting
hack versus right now your viewers are
suffering. But don't worry, I'm going to
impregnate you with the ability to
create on command viral videos with this
one single scripting technique. Now,
both of these hooks that I just
mentioned have the same amount of power
words. However, hook number two's power
words are unique within their context,
which is exactly how you should be
utilizing your power words in your
content. So, instead of saying, "If you
need to make money fast," you would say,
"If you need to make money ASAP."
Instead of saying, "Here are three
secret hacks to go viral," you would
say, "Here are three FBI confidential
psychology secrets that I should not be
sharing with you, but will help you go
viral." And you shouldn't only be using
these unique power words in your hook.
You should be using them all throughout
your video. Throughout every single
script that I create, I always try to
find these little word swaps that mean
the exact same thing, but are slightly
more unique. That way, my script never
gets boring or predictable. Now, how can
you use Chat GBT to help you with
utilizing more unique powers within your
scripts? Well, I thought you would never
ask. So, you can do one of two things.
You can either open up Chat GBT, give it
the word or phrase, and then ask for
multiple different synonyms and
different ways on how to say the exact
same thing. Or you can use my unique
phrase swapper GPT that will give you
the perfect unique power words in
different ways to say the same exact
thing that actually will peique your
viewers interest and keep them engaged
into your script. So if you want that,
you can find the link to it in the
description. And to use it, it is really
[__] easy. I'll show you right now.
All righty. We are now on the Nexus
phrase swapper. And how you use it is
actually pretty [__] simple. All you
have to do is literally just copy copy
and paste your script into the GBT. That
way it gives the GBT context on what
your shift is about. And then from that,
you copy and paste any phrase or word
from that script. And then the GBT will
give you 15 alternatives for you to swap
that are more unique, more engaging, and
that keep your viewers on your videos
for longer. So, if we go ahead and go
over to the script real quick, here is a
script for one of my clients. What we
can do is we can just go ahead and copy
and paste this over into the GPT. Bada
bing, bada boom, bada bam. Next thing
you know, it'll ask me to give them one
word or a phrase that I want to change.
Let's say I want to change while still
eating your favorite foods. Don't get me
wrong, that sounds good, but I've heard
that on like a thousand different
fitness videos. So, if I want to swap
this out, all I have to do is copy and
paste that there and it gives me 15
alternatives for that line. So instead
of saying while still eating your
favorite foods, you can say while still
enjoying your favorite foods. While
still devouring your favorite foods,
while still indulging in your favorite
foods. Or let's just even say, hey, I
want to change out favorite foods. So
while still eating favorite foods, what
I'll do is focus on favorite foods.
Cool. So now it's going to give me
unique phrases for not while still
eating your favorite foods, but just
favorite foods. So, while still eating
your cravew worthy foods or while still
eating your guilty pleasures, your
beloved foods, your irresistible
favorites, your favorite junk, danger
foods, diet killers, craving foods,
whatever the [__] you want. Basically,
the main thing is that it'll give you a
bunch of things that you can select
from. And now you can say things in a
more unique manner that is going to be
completely different than what your
viewers currently experiencing on their
timeline from all the other competitors
in your niche. That way, you stand out
and you keep the viewer there for
longer. And that is the Nexus phrase
swapper. Again, if you want it, you can
look in the description below and there
will be a link to the Nexus phrase
swapper. And that is software number
three, Chat GBT. So once my script is as
broad and as sexy as possible, then the
last thing that I have to do is I have
to make my script as simple and as short
as possible. And there's two different
softwares that I use to help me with
both of those. Which brings me to the
fourth software on this list,
himmingwayapp.com.
So, what this also will allow you to do
is basically all you have to do is copy
and paste your script into this website
and then it will show you exactly how
easy and simple your script is to
understand by assigning a grade level to
it. So, for context, the reading level
or the reading grade level on average in
America is grade seven. So, that's a
good baseline to base your scripts off
of. With that said, for all of my
scripts, I try I try to aim at least one
grade level below that. So, grade six.
Grade six is the golden standard of
making your script as easy as possible
to understand. So after I pasted my
script into Hemingway, if it's anything
above a grade six, then what I'll do is
I'll look at it with my naked eye and
I'll try to manually make it simpler
because I'm not a part of the statistic,
I have a decent vocabulary. So if I see
that I wrote out the word polyypsia,
then I'll just manually change it to the
word thirsty. However, if I do my manual
eye scan and my scripts reading level
still isn't a six or if I want it to
even be a little bit lower to like a a
five due to the complexity of the topic,
then I'll go ahead and draw my ego and
head back to chatbt to help me make the
script simpler. And luckily for you, I
also have a GBT for this as well. So,
you can find the link to this one in the
description as well. So, let me go and
walk you through how to use it. All
right, so this GBT is called the Nexus
Script Simplifier Light. So all you have
to do is just go and copy and paste your
script the same way like we did before.
That way you can get the GPT some
context on what your video is about.
Cool. So once you go and paste your
script, you want to go back to Hemingway
editor. It's where you pasted your
script into the Hemingway editor. Now on
Hemingway app, it'll basically tell you
which parts of the scripts are the
hardest to read and it'll color code
them accordingly. So as you can see, I
have a couple red text here. I currently
have a grade 10 reading level. I need to
get that to grade six ASAP. So, let's go
ahead and choose a sentence that I want
to make simpler to understand. Let's go
this one. So, copy and paste the
sentence that is a red or a yellow that
is hard to understand. Take it back to
the GPT. And then from there, the GBT
will just basically make your script
simpler and give you three different
suggestions to do so. And it'll also
make it shorter as well, which is a
plus. So, the first thing I do after I
finish a script for a client or me is
copy and paste it into this text box.
And for however long the video is going
to be, I will not leave the website
until I can lower that number by 10
seconds. So I can swap that original
saying with what chatg suggesting. So
after I finish a script for myself or a
client, I copy and paste it into this
text box and I stay on the website until
I cut the video time by 10 seconds.
Perfect. That is much simpler. Now
there's three other versions of this.
However, let's just go and go with this
version. We'll take it back to
Hemingway. We'll go and replace this
version. uh we're going to replace this
version and then all of the sudden our
reading our reading level is now removed
down to a grade eight. So we're pretty
close. So all we have to do is just
continuously do this. So I would copy
and paste this one as well. Go back to
chatbt. Wait for it to give me an
answer. And then it'll give me my
suggestions. So I'll go ahead and copy
and paste whatever the suggestion is.
I'll go back to Hemingway. Go ahead and
copy and paste this bad boy. And then
all of a sudden we're now grade seven.
And you continuously do this until you
become a great six. Now, of course, are
you going to get a 100% amazing response
or amazing first version from Chad CBT?
Of course not. Maybe, maybe some,
sometimes you will, but you definitely
want to make sure that everything still
sounds similar to what you were trying
to say to begin with. But, um, overall,
it'll give you a lot of clarity on what
you should change and what word swaps
that you need to make to be able to
lower the grade level to at least grade
level seven. However, again, I aim for
grade level six. If you can get it down
to five, even better. Now, will the
output that it gives you be perfect
every single time? No. Will it lower the
grade level every single time? 100%.
However, of course, it's going to change
some rewarding. It'll remove some things
that might be important and all that
good jazz. So, again, you must have the
skill to be able to recognize what good
is if you want to use SHBT to the best
of its ability. Now, yes, it will give
you multiple different outputs that you
can choose from for the three different
suggestions, but you need to have this
skill to be able to select the best
suggestion that is going to allow your
video to still hit. Now, mastering the
skill of scripting is a topic for a
different day instead of Nexus, but for
right now, this will get you really,
really close to a really good [__]
script that is below a reading grade
level of grade six. And then once I get
done uh going back and forth with chat
GBT and my script is like at a fifth or
sixth grade reading level, then the last
step is to take it to the fifth software
called script timer, which is software
number five. This software, Vidyard
Script Timer, what it will do is it'll
basically give you a rough estimate on
how long it will take you to read out
your script. Now, there is not a time
that I will not use this software after
writing a script. This is a
non-negotiable for every single script
that I create. So without fail, I will
always take my script to videoard script
timer. I'll paste it in and then after
that I will see how long it will take
for me to read the script. And after I
get that number, I will guesstimate a
number in my head that I want to lower
it to and then begin chopping. It sound
a little confusing. So, for example, if
I pasted my script into Vidyard script
timer and then it says it will take me
90 seconds to read out that script, then
what I will do is I'll make a commitment
in my head to get that number down to 75
seconds, just as a guesstimate of what I
could do. And then I will not move my
ass from this chair until it is at 75
seconds. Because remember, your content,
well, in your content, you're not
optimizing for the highest value per
video. You're optimizing for the highest
value per second. Do not let that go
over your head. you're optimizing not
for the highest value per video, but for
the highest value per second. So, with
that being said, I will sit there and I
will get that number down to whatever
number I committed to getting it down
to. And then afterwards, if I feel as if
I cut some important [__] I'll add it
back in. Uh, but once I'm at the number
that I committed to, whenever it comes
to the length of my script that I'll
take for me to read it out and I believe
is just the value per second of my video
is as high as humanly possible, then I
now have the perfect script. And that is
my five softwares that I currently use
within my tool belt for my scripting
process. What I want you to do is I want
you to take my years of trial and error
with every single type of different
single scripting software out there and
still my exact scripting software stack
that I just gave to you. Number one,
using a few shorter plus dovetail to
find the patterns to your videos. Number
two, using Google trains to find the
most broad terms available. Number
three, using chat tvt to use unique
powers to ensure that your video stays
fresh and engaging all the way
throughout. Number four, use himmingway
app.com. That way, you can always make
sure that your script is as simple as
possible. Then last, but for damn sure
not least, number five, Vidyard script
timer to make sure that your videos not
as valuable as possible, but the video's
value per second is as high as possible.
And that ends off today's video. Now, if
you want to work with me to help you and
your business get richer through
building a personal brand, then the
first link in the description will walk
you through exactly how we can do just
that. Until then, subscribe for more